=-:  PubChem Compound SDF Formatted Data Directory  :-=


This directory contains compressed SDF formatted textual data
of PubChem Compound information.

Each file contains the records for a range of Compound ID (CID)
values.  The CID range is provided in the filename.  For example,
the file "Compound_000000001_000500000.sdf.gz" contains the PubChem
Compound records with CIDs in the range of 1 through 500,000. If
there are no live CIDs in a given range, there will be no
corresponding file. MD5 checksum files are also present.


PubChem generates SD formatted data files using specific SD fields.  The
SD file format is described elsewhere and will not be described here.
To learn more about the SD file format, go to:

http://download.accelrys.com/freeware/ctfile-formats/ctfile-formats.zip

Provided below is documentation on the SD fields generated by PubChem.
Please note that the SD fields may evolve over time as we modify,
change, or revise the PubChem Data System.  Please also note that
PubChem SD fields may have data with text line lengths greater than 200
characters.

https://ftp.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubchem/data_spec/pubchem_sdtags.txt

Note that in Nov 2019, the number of records per file was increased
from 25,000 to 500,000.


:-=  Fair Use Disclaimer  =-:

Databases of molecular data on the NCBI FTP site include such examples as
nucleotide sequences (GenBank), protein sequences, macromolecular structures,
molecular variation, gene expression, and mapping data. They are designed to
provide and encourage access within the scientific community to sources of
current and comprehensive information. Therefore, NCBI itself places no
restrictions on the use or distribution of the data contained therein. However,
some submitters of the original data may claim patent, copyright, or other
intellectual property rights in all or a portion of the data they have submitted.
NCBI is not in a position to assess the validity of such claims and, therefore,
cannot provide comment or unrestricted permission concerning the use, copying,
or distribution of the information contained in the molecular databases.

